The Joe Rogan experience.
Speaking to current events is the president going to jail?
We're trying to figure this out. Is he going to jail? It seems like,
it seems like some serious is going down. It sure feels like it is.
And you know what? It feels like. It's really interesting. It's like a,
it's like you're watching a show.
It's a really entertaining show. Yeah. I mean,
I don't mind that house of cards is in production. Cause this is a good show.
We're watching it.
Yeah. I mean, it's ramping up whatever, whatever is going on.
It's like they're building towards an event and it seems like they have been
planning this,
like they're systematically attacking different parts of his administration,
getting people to fold, getting people to turn state's evidence,
getting people to, you know,
to plead guilty and they're slowly chipping away.
There's no way that the end result could be like, eh, that's it we're done.
This is as far as we got,
it feels like there's definitely a shoe's going to drop. Right. I mean.
Crazy thing is they're going to get them for campaign financing because
of his attorney paying off stormy Daniels.
I think that the thing that I read and I could be getting this wrong is that
it's that payoff within a certain number of days of the election, right.
That starts to break a finance law, I guess,
because they said that that payment was within a certain number of days of the
election.
What it means is that it's affecting the re the election.
Potentially is what yeah. What the accusation.
Could be. Isn't that an interesting, it's like,
you're paying someone to affect opinion.
And so that's like, it's a campaign finance violation. Yeah.
It's also amazing that I don't know. I mean,
I guess at the time somebody comes to you with that check and you're like, sure.
But in retrospect,
think of how much leverage she would have had if you go back then and, and,
and she gets to say, you want me to keep this thing silent? No problem.
But you need to up that check.
Well, how about bill? O'Reilly bill O'Reilly paid one lady 32 million. Whew.
Nuts. What did he do?
No, that's not, that's not squeezing an cheek. Right?
Did he do, what did he do? First of all? How much money does he have?
32 million. He's like, just pay it, just pay it off.
Write it off as what is that? A year salary.
A lot of, uh, settlements. Roger Ailes. Yeah.
And have you seen the bit I'm doing on Fox news? No.
It's one of my favorite bits. Oh, I love doing this. It'd be in the new one.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, I look forward to seeing.
You there. So it's such a fascinating little place over there. Yeah.
And right now they're what they're doing for the most part. Not every show,
but most of the show, other than Tucker Carlson,
I think is one of the few guys over there that is,
he seems, he seems the most reasonable. Really?
Yes.
You think he's more reasonable than like shepherd Smith?
Wow. I never watched that guy. Well.
That guy is like, I'm saying.
Has a he's there, but he seems to have like a little more bat,
like unbiased balanced. If you are doing ecstasy with Shepard Smith,
he tried to kiss you. I hope so.
I think you would. I've been losing weight. Yeah.
But the red and the rest of it,
my point is the rest of this show seems like state-run propaganda.
And here's the thing he it's, it's also, when it's not a secret,
it's kind of fascinating, right.
That it's not a secret that he has real relationships with
multiple on-air talent. Like the president is like, I'm friends with Jeanine.
Pirro I'm really good friends with Sean Hannity. I'm really good. I watch, yeah.
Every day I watch a morning show called Fox and friends.
And as they report things,
I tweet out like policy change based on this morning show.
And it's not secret. Like, it's just it, you see the segment.
And then he's like, like there was like this aired at six 30, at 6 30, 2,
he's like, we're going to have to do something about this.
And they just did a segment on it.
And then that also throws his aids and his staff, uh, curve balls.
Because there'll be not expecting that he's going to bring this up. Right.
He sees it on TV and there, and then they have to go like, yeah,
of course we're going to do that because from the TV, yeah. It's nuts.
He watches a lot of cable.
TV. They say watches eight hours a day.
He doesn't like to go to the office early.
And that's one of my other favorite ones. Like they had like,
John Kelly has been like, you've got to get here earlier.
That's hilarious. I said, I set out for a while.
He was showing up at 11 and that they were trying to get him to come at nine.
And then I think they settled on 10 or something. Yeah.
I want to get there at nine. That's ridiculous.
Yeah. It's so interesting. I really think if he doesn't get us into a war,
having him as the president will be very beneficial. Yeah. Yeah.
Because I think that we're going to realize how crazy it is to give one person
so much power based on a popularity.
It, it, it does kind of highlight the absurdity of not just of him,
of the presidency. Right.
Completely absurd. Yeah. We'd never do it that way today.
If we had no government at all,
if we lived in some sort of bizarro universe where a government had never been
established, we decided enough is enough. We can't live with anarchy anymore.
We need to have some sort of a system of rules,
checks and balances and putting we'd never say, all right,
let's have a popularity contest. See one dude. And let's let,
let him get financed by giant group.
No, that all, it's ridiculous. It's so. I know this.
And then it seems like everybody, you know, agrees, that's fine,
but then never changes. Yeah.
I've been hearing for a decade plus about campaign finance reform and stuff.
And then it's still, you know, powerful, super packs, you know,
collect them all.
We'll just find a loophole and then we'll get the money that way. I mean,
nothing changes.
Well, the, just the amount of money and influence,
it's all tied in together to try to completely shake that off.
You'd have to get people to be 100% ethical. They would have to say,
you know what? This is just not the way to run the government.
It's not right for the people, but they're not going to do that.
There's just too much influence.
It just shows you how the sneaky and snaky the whole thing is.
But it's also really interesting too,
because we're going to be forced with this guy B because of all this chaos,
we're going to be forced to like, re-examine how we do things.
Maybe it be a little change for the next president with that.
I agree. I'm sorry.
The real worry would be that he would get through eight years.
Then one of his sons would take over.
I guess it's not out of the realm of possibility. Not even a little,
I have this theory that I think he actually,
in a way will really relish and enjoy, um,
the midterms in November going Democrat,
because that totally feeds into his,
like just their attacking. Yeah. And like being able to be like, of course,
nothing gets done cause he's concept or an office now.
And I think that he would really actually almost enjoy cause he loves combative
things, you know, like, like a combative relationship.
I think he's actually going to, if it goes that way,
I think he will like really enjoy it. I.
Think so. But I also think that he likes winning though. He does.
Like winning, of course he likes winning and it's, it's a, it's like compulsive,
you can tell that when they'll, you know, they'll ask Oprah,
you're going to run. She's like, no, he's like, I hope she runs kick her,
but he can't help himself. You know,
he has that kind of competitive side to him. Yeah.
No, he definitely does. Well,
they say they don't want him to testify because they know they're going to catch
them lying. They're like, you can't do it. I can do it. Don't worry.
I'm not going to lie.
All his lawyers have said like a hundred percent, don't do that. And he's like,
oh, I'll think about it. Which means that like he, you know, cause he,
he says that a lot with, uh,
you can tell when they have like those off the cuff, um, you know, press,
when he lets the press in, they'll ask him something, he'll be like,
we'll see what happens, which is totally like, I might do it. I might not.
But you know that everybody in his side is like, please don't say anything.
Uh, at this point they might not even be, they might be like, go ahead.
Do you want to, yeah, go ahead. Tough guy, go dark.
GoTalk who knows, man. I'll get another job.
How amazing would it be to watch that deposition or, or, you know, uh,
interview.
Do you remember when bill Clinton was grilled about Monica Lewinsky and the.
Word is yeah. Yeah.
It was amazing. And just the, the term sexual relations.
Not as I understand it the way I understand the word,
that's not it. Yeah.
No, I mean, that was fascinating. Eight he's so shameless.
Well, not just that, it's just, it seems so strange. Yeah.
Back then in the 1990s, to be able to watch the president in video,
get grilled and clearly they wanted to release this videos to humiliate them.
Of course, you know, but it was just bizarre. It's like, I've never,
we'd never seen anything like this. You've never seen a sitting president,
like getting grilled by people and especially about sex.
And the shift mode. Like, uh, you know, we knew him as this,
obviously you'd see him on the campaign trail or meeting people.
He's like this super charming, right? Like personable guy,
really good at being basically a celebrity. Not really good at that.
And he's like, you know, knows how to be a politician. But in that deposition,
I mean he switched onto lawyer mode and, and like, I'm not here to charm you,
because he was spin on is what does is mean is
like, uh, I remember just, I mean, I'm a kid.
I think I was in high school watching that and be like,
how does anyone struggle with is like, is this, you know, I didn't know.
He was like playing a game with them too, you know? Oh yeah.
Well they were playing lawyer games.
Yeah. Total war games.
Yeah. Trump can't do that. He's not smart enough to do that. No more.
He's not a lawyer. So he's not, I wouldn't say he's not,
I don't think that Trump is not smart. I think he's smart.
I've I've especially when you listen to interviews of him from the past,
like he's like there's some interviews I'm in the past,
very articulate and obviously been very successful in business.
But I don't think he's an interested in expanding his horizons
mentally. I don't think he's interested in reading. No, I don't think he.
I think that he really, 100% does the,
did run his business off of instinct and, and like.
Gut and relationships and loyalty and all this stuff that he's promoted.
When they say like, you can't do that here. He's like, check-in.
No, why can't I I'm the president off. That's the people want it.
Do you want to read it?
Need, uh, this briefing? No, I don't like to be briefing.
I like to read. He doesn't like to read.
They say they put the word Trump in his briefings a bunch of times just so that
he reads it. Screwed ahead. What was it about me? What's what else about me?
I'm amazing. Oh my God. I'm amazing.
I don't know, man. It does feel like it's going to get star report.
This is what.
Yeah. Blood to a 10 star. Yeah. This would be like Mueller's report.
That would be coming out maybe later this year or something like that.
Is that the equivalent? I don't know.
Uh, yeah, I guess if they, if they get to a special council report. Yeah, sure.
The Mueller thing is so strange because technically can he fire Mueller?
Well that's there was a big article about whether or not.
So the white house said that they believe that he does have
the power to do that. And you don't know if that's, I mean,
you would think that that means that they're sent,
he just wants to put that signal out that like, I can't do this,
but there was other legal minds that said that he couldn't do it.
That he would have to get a raw because sessions has recused himself
from this, uh, the, the deputy attorney general rod Rosenstein, is it?
And yeah, that he would have to get him to do it. And then they, they said that,
you know, that he would, would not do that unless, I mean,
Rosenstein said he wouldn't do it unless, uh,
Mueller had done MIS misconduct. Right. So, and,
and that if the president tried to get him to do that, he would resign.
In which case they would have to get another person,
either appointed to do it or whoever's below him to do it. So it's a,
it's a really, it's a good episode.
It really is. Yeah.
I can't remember a time where I felt like there was nobody at the wheel more
than I do now. Yeah.
It does feel like chaos.
Like it's, there's all people that are in positions. You know,
there's the secretary of state, there's the chief of staff. There's all these,
there's all these different people that are in positions,
but it feels like a little.
Make-believe and you know what happens because this happens everywhere.
We get lost in our experience of it because we live here.
I'm really fascinated by how it looks outside of here.
Oh yeah. Am I, it must really seem like an even crazier show. Oh, it's God.
Too.
[Inaudible].